hello you love no i'm not
died i finally turn it on again
video for you
I have had a lot in the last time
I never really had to do that
time found a video to turn
and today I have time and I will be you
Drink this video then we start
maybe with my hair care
routine some of you, we have taken
I thought so then
I'll do it once we start with
the with the shampoo with the care and
although I have 1 1 for half a year
taken from garnier fructis
really cool shampoo so there is
terribly good I do not know if we
ever smelled of this shampoo
I smell that delicious and me
it still read a bit
Influence when I have my hair
have washed or is not that
rinse
my hair is still adjusting
I 'll take that shampoo too
a flush I unfortunately all but now
maybe it's up to you
just that I take both and both
smells so extremely good and yes that is one
color protector so for people who die
hair dye or something is maybe
not so bad there gabs before
namely another version it was
a normal hair shampoo without color
At least then I believe that protects me
believe that is relative to the one
main part well, no matter in any case
It is a very very very horny
shampoo though, this was kabul he
and I thought billions
try now something else I was
am always open for new and have got there
I just because he brought because it
on the rhine was and totally great
I think that's one
Repair shampoo without silicone deep
Care for damage does not smell good
not good but no comparison too
my other there is sometimes but also
be very good for the hair
but I can not really handle it
make friends that is now almost empty
and I'm glad that my
favorite shampoo again brought as
Next, when I washed my hair
I wrapped them in a towel
have and halfway dry group days
I use a conditioner and I have it
I've been taken there for a year now
blizzoli series that's the wife of his
ratings and that's for very good
fighter kite for shine and
suppleness for color also satisfies
really really cool really right
So I love this shows namely without
shit the hair in a dom so delicious
level on how to do that
Power on and that is really one too
Darling of me there I still have
the long series and that is for
fine flat and damaged hair that
However, it does not smell as good as that
others I do not have that either
buy again
I am very open for something new but what
I did not have to feel good
make sure to pick it up again then
I was at dm yesterday and still have
such a series or was it the orange
Indian so to speak and
lincoln that's why it's two colors
mini here it is if you like it
then i will mix it up
not yet tried from therefore can
I do not say so but if that
else was good in that can not even
be totally shit
i can tell if i have my hair like that
dried halfway there I take an oil
on by liszt cool and does that
sweat in the length and in the
be sharp as me after form two
always pump my fingers and go
so that through the hair and through
Let it dry over if I do
that's what I did when
My hair is completely dry
I use battery from Schwarzkopf
glittering parade
that is also the oberhammer really me
have never had such a great country
sprenger has had, and if you have it
on it makes and a drying is
it's shiny immediately so you have it
a nice shine in the hair
I do not know what blond is like
combi color effects about it as in
black-haired but that's for
dark haired real a dream sprayer
necessarily make
that is a brilliant styling spring though
I then go away and give me my hair
of course you need leaves
winter sports protection spray heat protection
now again and thus that of
Schwarzkopf from the husband like that you have
even with my other video
seen that is synonymous really something speak
in the hair
lure then you can start
even to the last
I use invites own henning
ours has a very nice one
color and baby blue pink and so on
that goes up to 210 degrees I think that's good
is also that one has the one ad
and have a present like high or
low that many have invites you to
for not only had I
kind of an extra coating like that
the hair is going to break me so much
I do not know that, but I have to
I really like it very well
have never been with another of the
Smooth from that, I can not say
but I've had that for five years now
I think 5 or 4 405 years I have
that and I never want that again
let go
I love it with those also can
I conjure super beautiful curls
We do not know if this is in my photos
have seen
Do you want me to lure you ?
make video and I show as I with
The hair straightener next to get and
yes write in the comments we see
wanted that it was already too
my hair care routine
I hope you liked the video
So for that I have to say I go
not too much higher
I've been a dream of forever
been me I let rarely
you should not cut the points
after monza before should always be pointed
but because I love my hair so much
and by no means would that want there
something comes off in the year I have to go with
I do not live my game
really much but under the microscope
you would already have a few hair structure
recognize mistakes yes take care of your have
every case good and pretty much strained
Too much the hair grows very slowly
and i think nice hair should too
to be cared for and long hair straight
they should be taken care of for a long time
broken hair does not want to look nice and
I hope you liked my video
if yes gives the video a thumb
above, I would be very happy
Thanks for your support
Thanks a lot for all the subscribers
and comments and likes and i hope
See you again in the next video
bite then bye